_pages/posters.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "Poster Presentations"
permalink: /posters/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /posters
---

{% include base_path %}

## Cost and Returns of Navel Orangeworm Management

Poster presented at the Almond Board of California Annual Conference in Sacramento, California in December 2022. Co-authored with Brittney Goodrich.

[View poster here](http://scottsomerville.github.io/files/almond_board_conference_poster_december_2022_BKG_SS_REVISED.pdf)



## Economics of By-Product Use in Dairy Feed Rations Including Resource Consequences

Poster presented at the California Dairy Sustainability Conference online in April 2022. Co-authored with Daniel A. Sumner, Mary Beth de Ondarza, and Juan M. Tricarico.

[View poster here](http://scottsomerville.github.io/files/california_dairy_sustainability_summit_byproducts_poster_march_31.pdf)



## Herd Size Trends with USDA Census Data

Poster presented at the California Dairy Sustainability Summit online in May 2020. Co-authored with Elizabeth A. Fraysse and Daniel A. Sumner.

[View poster here](http://scottsomerville.github.io/files/herd_size.pdf)

Commit message:

aaea poster and cv update

_pages/posters.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "Poster Presentations"
permalink: /posters/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /posters
---

{% include base_path %}

## Crop Choice and Nitrate Pollution in Groundwater

Poster presented at the AAEA Annual Meeting in Washington DC on July 25th, 2023. Co-authored with Brittney Goodrich.

[View poster here](http://scottsomerville.github.io/files/aaea_groundwater_nitrates.pdf)



## Cost and Returns of Navel Orangeworm Management

Poster presented at the Almond Board of California Annual Conference in Sacramento, California in December 2022. Co-authored with Brittney Goodrich.

[View poster here](http://scottsomerville.github.io/files/almond_board_conference_poster_december_2022_BKG_SS_REVISED.pdf)



## Economics of By-Product Use in Dairy Feed Rations Including Resource Consequences

Poster presented at the California Dairy Sustainability Conference online in April 2022. Co-authored with Daniel A. Sumner, Mary Beth de Ondarza, and Juan M. Tricarico.

[View poster here](http://scottsomerville.github.io/files/california_dairy_sustainability_summit_byproducts_poster_march_31.pdf)



## Herd Size Trends with USDA Census Data

Poster presented at the California Dairy Sustainability Summit online in May 2020. Co-authored with Elizabeth A. Fraysse and Daniel A. Sumner.

[View poster here](http://scottsomerville.github.io/files/herd_size.pdf)
